# Employ_Record_System
Employee record system. By using C language.

1. Describe what your system is
The program that I made for the Imperative Programming class is the employee record system. Even though the basic code and structure are based on the source code, to fit the standard function of employee record system, improve the performance and user friendliness by adding some functions. For instances, adding find employee function which was utilized for midterm programming, showing error when new employee’s ID is same with presenting employee’s ID, erasing unnecessary lines from the code which are needed for window OS, and saving the final employees’ list when close the program as text file so that manager can check the list without opening the program again. Exclude these examples, there are many changes even if it has same function with source code.
 
2. Outline the functions of the system
First of all, when user operate the program, program prints first page which shows some information (which can be seen as a menu) to inform users which functions are offered in this program. There are six main functions in this program. First function is adding new employee record. When user choose this function, the program automatically make a Save.txt file which all of the employee’s information will be saved. Then, user can input the information according to the instruction of the program. Second function is list record. This function offers listing every user’s information which saved through record function. Third is update the record. By using this function, changing the information of the specific employee is available. However, it changes the order of the list. Thus, for the case of emphasising the order of the employee, this function is not recommended. Next function is delete record. When user choose this function
